The ingredients are stable, are you leaving again in two days?
Okay, don't worry.
I will be back soon
Joe
From now on, the business of Jiangnan Dao will be handed over to you
Don't worry, shopkeeper.
My boss keeps the business booming
Oh, dear.
Hope to live up to expectations
I know what the uncle said at this time.
I keep it in mind
Oops, why are you making it so sad?
Don't worry.
I'm sure there will be good news for everyone.
Lao Liu, long time no see.
2 little you are back
What about Shopkeeper Lin?
He didn't come back with you.
The shopkeeper asked me to come back and settle the account
Collect the funds.
What's the big move of the shopkeeper?
He plans to enter Xianyang Road recently
What about expanding business, hahahahahahaha
I'll just play and sing
You just got back.
Take a few days off
No, no, the shopkeeper is calling for it.
You just came back, why don't you wait until tomorrow?
Ah!
Let's go, let me treat you to a meal first
Oops let's go ok ok